<div class="all">
<div class="top">
<div class="heading">

h1(title). To The Exit... Again

h2(author). Written by: Tyler Church

h2(version). Version: final1
</div>
<div class='license'>
h2. License

Copyright (C) 2009 Tyler Church

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgement in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

</div>

<div class='version'>
h2. Versions

*alpha* - Some features implemented. More features in each successive release. Not all features decided upon.

*beta* - All features implemented, adding a few extras (levels, sprites, etc) and bug fixes. Some new features may be added, but there will be no major changes.

*final* - All features implemented, anything after _final1_ is purely bug-fix, or contributed additions.
</div>

</div>

<div class="content">
h2(description). Description

This is a simple game. All you have to do is get to the exit!

h2. Running The Game

(Note: This game is tested and developed on Linux with Ruby 1.8.7)
You need Rubygame installed (see below) to play the game
To run the game use the command:

@ruby game.rb@

h2. Installing Rubygame

"Mac and Windows Instructions":http://docs.rubygame.org/rdoc/current/
"Ubuntu/Debian Instructions":http://rubygame.org/wiki/Debian_based_GNU/Linux_Distro_Installation_Guide

h2. Playing the Game

All controls are mentioned in the game, but here they are anyway:

Up - Jump
Left+Right - Move Left+Right
M - Toggle Music

h3. Get to the exit!

</div>
</div>
